Hii or Hello or Hey
Hello, I'm your Personal Education Assistant. How can I help You ?

What are the services available ?
You can ask me about java, python, c++ and I can help you with that. Try it!

What is the ways to learn coding ?
You can learn that from many resources such as books, websites, video-tutorials, etc.

From which websites I can learn competitive programming?
Below are some well known resources from where you can start with. 
1) Hackerank.com -For all kind of coding languages and competitive coding  2) codechef.com  -For higher level competitive coding

From where I can acces courses related to programming ?
1) Coursera.org   2) tutorialspoint.com   3) javatpoint.com  

What is python ?
In technical terms, Python is an object-oriented, high-level programming language with integrated dynamic semantics for web and app development.


What is java?
Java is a general-purpose computer-programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented.

What is c++?
C++ is a high-level programming language developed by Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs beginning in 1979.

What is for loop?
For loop is a programming language conditional iterative statement which is used to check for certain conditions and then repeatedly execute a block.

What is break statement ?
Break Statement is a loop control statement which is used to terminate the loop.

What is continue statement ?
For the for loop, continue statement causes the conditional test and increment portions of the loop to execute.

What is difference between c and java ?
JAVA is Object-Oriented while C is procedural.

what is difference between java and python ?
The biggest difference between the two languages is that Java is a statically typed and Python is a dynamically typed.

What is algorithm ?
Algorithm is process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer.

What is Machine Learning ?
Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed.

What is Artificial Intelligence?
AI (artificial intelligence) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems.

What is neural network ?
An artificial neural network is an interconnected group of nodes, akin to the vast network of neurons in a brain.

What is deep learning ?
Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning inspired by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks.

What are some cool facts about the machine Learning ?
Machine learning is about data and algorithms, but mostly data.

I am feeling bored.
Play this interesting game online which is based on the algortihms---https://www.archimedes-lab.org/game_nim/play_nim_game.html

What is your name ?
My founders named me Edubot. You can call me Educator or Edie !



